RandomVSRandom Report

1) What is your conclusion, does the first or
second player have some advantage, at least for a random strategy?

The second player has an advantage over the first player. The second player
consistently wins about 50% of the time, while the first only wins
about 45% of the time, with about 5% of games being a tie.

2) Watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq9DzN6mvYA

3) Briefly write your thoughts on the above video below:

A lot of complicated statistics formulas can be represented as code that can
help simulate and produce data quickly. The video shows four recipes that
can help programmers better understand and use statics, direct simulation, shuffling,
bootstrapping, and cross validation.

4) H0 is
Null Hypothesis: claims that there’s no effect in the population.

5) Ha is
Alternative Hypothesis: claims that there’s an effect in the population.

6) Choose one of the following and delete the other:
   My experimental results support H0, so they do not support Ha

7) As in the video, use either math or code (add a Java Class) to argue for or against H0

Observe RandomVsRandom.java. It contains methods that perform bootstrap resampling over
simulated random vs random games. By default it simulates 50 games, taking the average
amount of wins for the observed player, doing this 50 times. Using bootstrap resampling,
we draw random samples from the simulated games creating a resample. Using this resample we can
again calculate the average of wins for the observed player. Repeating this for several
thousand times (default 100000), we can calculate a new average using more data, with less simulated games.

When observing P1 the mean is about equal to 0.45 +- 0.015
When observing P2 the mean is about equal to 0.50 +- 0.015
When observing no winners (tie) the mean is about equal to 0.05 +- 0.015

Observing how little the data changes between thousands of samples of games, it is clear
that it supports H0 and not Ha.

References: 
https://www.thoughtco.com/null-hypothesis-vs-alternative-hypothesis-3126413